Docs: Document parameters.jsx.sortProps for preserving prop order in snippets (#35191)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/api/doc-blocks/doc-block-source.mdx

Note that dynamic snippets will only work if the story uses [`args`](../../writing-stories/args.mdx) and the [`Story` block](./doc-block-story.mdx) for that story is rendered along with the `Source` block.

</Callout>

> <If renderer="react">
> 
> ## Sorting props in dynamic snippets
> 
> For the React renderer, dynamic snippets are generated with [`react-element-to-jsx-string`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-element-to-jsx-string), which sorts props alphabetically by default. To preserve the order in which the props (args) are defined in your story, set `parameters.jsx.sortProps` to `false`:
> 
> <CodeSnippets path="api-doc-block-source-sort-props.md" />
> 
> This parameter is passed directly to `react-element-to-jsx-string`. It can be applied at the [project](../../writing-stories/parameters.mdx#global-parameters), [component](../../writing-stories/parameters.mdx#component-parameters) (meta), or [story](../../writing-stories/parameters.mdx#story-parameters) level.
> 
> </If>

Reviewer: @yatishgoel, when you're able, can you adjust this to the following:
```suggestion
<If renderer="react">

#### Overriding the default prop sorting behavior

For React-based frameworks, dynamic snippets are automatically sorted alphabetically by default. To override this behavior, set the `sortProps` option to `false` to preserve the original order of the props in which they were defined in the story.

<CodeSnippets path="api-doc-block-source-sort-props.md" />

Similar to other parameters, you can define it at the project level in the `.storybook/preview.*` file, component level in the meta definition (or default export), or in the story itself.

</If>
```

The rationale is to prevent breaking the documentation flow and to ensure that the content only affects this specific section, and de-emphasize the `react-element-to-jsx-string` package in the documentation

Author: @jonniebigodes Have made the changes. Can you please take a look?
